









收藏
查看我的收藏



0
有用+1
已投票



0





























PK爱情
编辑
锁定



电视台主办了一个崭新的实况游戏节目《PK爱情》,挑选谈情说爱的高手.游戏有许多不同Mission任务,四男四女因为不同的目的和背景,参加了比赛,就在这重重游戏任务中,挑战爱情观念的极限.谁能夺得高分,获得情圣的最高荣誉呢?




中文名

PK爱情

制片地区

新加坡

首播时间

2011年


主    演

黄靖伦，马艺瑄，徐鸣杰

集    数

20集

类    型

言情，喜剧，偶像 

在线播放平台

pps




目录



1
简介


2
剧集特点


3
角色介绍


4
分集剧情


5
原声音乐










PK爱情简介
编辑

电视台主办了一个崭新的实况游戏节目《PK爱情》，挑选谈情说爱的高手。游戏有许多不同的Mission任务，四男四女因为不同的目的和背景，参加了比赛，就在这重重游戏任务中，挑战爱情观念的极限。
谁能夺得高分，获得情圣的最高荣誉呢？
电脑工程师Ian (黄靖伦饰)代替临时退出的朋友参加游戏，在寻找配对时，遇上晓奕(曾咏霖饰)，并对她一见钟情。过程中，两人产生不少误会，主持人宇森（王禄江饰）决定把这对冤家配对，正式成为游戏中第一对情侣。
Priscilia (马艺瑄饰) 原本是与平凡的Ian成一组，但她趁着混乱之时，神不知鬼不觉地，偷偷把掉在地上的提示卡与晓奕的对调。晓奕的搭档承羲 (谢宏辉饰)尽管目击整个过程，但为了能参与游戏，便选择默不作声。结果承羲与Priscilia就成为第二对情侣。
Nicholas (徐鸣杰饰)相信命中注定要遇上Isabelle (陈欣淇饰)，后来在人群中找到Isabelle，并对她一见钟情。Isabelle起初带点犹豫，最后还是被他的魅力所倾倒，也成为游戏中的第三对情侣。
Ash (陈罗密欧饰) 稍有名气，为增加自己的知名度而参加比赛，但时间一分一秒地过去，他还是未找到女伴出赛。
在面临被淘汰前三分钟，貌不惊人的Kimmy (洪子惠饰) 上前跟他组成一对。
时间到了，不论是配或不配，总之已组成4对情侣 ，游戏也将正式开始。




PK爱情剧集特点
编辑

该剧为网络电视剧，只在xinmsn独家播出
剧类：20集连续剧集（每集3分钟）
特色：实况游戏节目 + 青春偶像 + 爱情 + 喜剧
八个年轻男女，一个崭新实况游戏，挑战E世代爱情观！你玩不玩得起？每周观众都有机会在接下来5集担任“导演”，透过网站的评论“我来说”的投票和发言影响故事的发展。
xinmsn播放时间：
4月4日 --第1-5集
4月18日 --第6-10集
5月2日 --第11-15集
5月20日--第16-20集
制作时间：
4月8日-14日， 23日-28日，5月9-16日




PK爱情角色介绍
编辑






Ian（黄靖伦饰）

　Ian (黄靖伦饰) Huang Jing Lun as Ian
角色Name: Ian
年龄 Age: 24
星座 Star sign: 金牛座Taurus
学历 Qualifications: 大学毕业 University graduate
职业　Occupation: 电脑工程师 Computer engineer
人物性格: 打扮中规中矩，架着黑框眼镜，毫无特色，貌不惊人，木讷，循规蹈矩，其实是个拥有浪漫因子的男生，但是由于父母长期过于期待要求，导致自己一直循规蹈矩过日子，而无法选择自己想要的人生。
人物发展: IAN代替临时退出的朋友参加游戏。在第一个任务当中，分派和晓奕配对，对晓奕一见钟情，可惜晓奕对自己毫无兴趣。丘比特之箭是否落在错误的人身上了？
Appearance: Average-looking, average dressing, sports a pair of black rim spectacles
Personality: Simple-hearted and rule-abiding. While he is actually a romantic at heart, he was trained from young to lead a rule-abiding life in order to live up to his parents' expectations, and is thus unable to choose how he wants to live his life truly.
Special characteristic: He is able to come up with romantic ideas anytime and this characteristic is slowly revealed through the programme.
Competition experience: Ian replaces his friend, after the latter gets cold feet. He meets Xiao Yi, whom he falls for instantly. However, Xiao Yi does not feel the same way. Sometimes Cupid makes the wrong judgment too, or does he?





Xiao Yi

　晓奕 (曾咏霖饰) Teresa Tseng as Xiao Yi
角色Name: 晓奕 Xiao Yi
年龄Age: 22
星座Star sign: 狮子座Leo
学历Qualifications: 大学毕业 University graduate
职业Occupation: 无业富家女　Unemployed (she hails from a wealthy family)
人物性格：品味超凡（自认），讲究名牌。 自信，目空一切，爱面子，由于父母宠爱有加，得天独厚，但是也由于父母宠爱，导致自己性格内渴望一种不安全感，追求自己一直鄙视的浪漫，却又不知道自己到底需要什么。
人物发展：不堪朋友相激，誓要夺得爱情游戏冠军。在比赛中发现拍档竟然是貌不惊人的Ian，大失所望。晓奕最后能接受Ian吗？
Appearance: Impeccable taste (self-affirmed), brand-conscious
Personality: Confident, arrogant, concern about reputation. As she is very loved and protected by her parents, she is used to getting what she wants. But it is also this reason that she longs for some kind of danger and excitement, and to pursue a romance. In truth, she does not know what she wants.
Special characteristic: Has narcolepsy, a sleeping disorder, and while she always sees her prince charming in her dreams, she is never able to see his face.
Competition experience: Xiao Yi meets the average-looking Ian after a series of misunderstanding involving kicks and punches. Will Xiao Yi end up with Ian? After all, hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.




　承羲 （谢宏辉 饰） James Seah as Cheng Xi
角色Name: 承羲 Cheng Xi
年龄Age: 26
星座 Star sign: 射手座Sagittarius
学历 Qualifications: 设计学校毕业 Graduate from Design School
职业Occupation: 广告设计师 Advertisement designer
人物性格: 打扮帅气，桀骜不驯，高大英俊。 风趣幽默，最怕责任，制造浪漫的高手，为了开心，无所不用其极，标准commitment phobia，一辈子都处于被爱，决定去寻找一次自己的爱情，邂逅晓奕，认定晓奕就是自己想要的一见钟情。
人物发展: 好玩参加游戏，靠着甜嘴四处留情，把众女参赛者逗得乐不可支，自己也乐在其中。在知道Priscilia作弊后，也决定不揭穿她，继续一起过关斩将，但当感觉背叛他时，他将如何处理呢？
Appearance: Good-looking, unruly, and always impeccably dressed
Personality: Humourous, afraid of responsibilities, a master at creating romance, and will go all out to achieve happiness. However, he will stop short at the commitment stage due to a phobia of commitment. He has been pursued all his life so for once, he decides to pursue a romance of his own. He meets Xiao Yi and decides she is the one.
Special characteristic: Flirtatious, has an amazing ability to sweet-talk girls
Competition experience: Cheng Xi joins the game for fun and decides to keep mum when he sees Priscilia cheats. The pair works together to advance in the game; but what happens when his feelings betray him?




　Priscilia （Pris） (马艺瑄 饰) Sora Ma as Pris
角色Name: Priscilia（Pris）
年龄Age: 25
星座 Star sign: 双鱼座Pisces
学历 Qualifications: 中学毕业 Secondary school graduate
职业Occupation: 空姐Air stewardess
人物性格：打扮性感，引人注目，身材一流。 开放性感，自认对于男人了如指掌。
人物发展：认为自己一定能把男人玩弄股掌之间，却偏偏事与愿违。抛弃平凡的Ian后，Priscilia找到承羲。她或许找到了心中的白马王子，但她是否王子心中的公主呢？
Appearance: Dresses sexily, has a great figure and noticeably attractive
Personality: Open-minded and thinks she understands guys.
Special characteristic: Has an amazing figure which never fails to stop people in their tracks
Competition experience: Dumping the average-looking Ian, Priscilia finds a part-time prince in Cheng Xi. Pris may have found her prince, but is she really the princess?




　Nicholas (Nic) （徐鸣杰 饰） Jeffrey Xu as Nicholas (Nic)
角色Name: Nicholas (Nic)
年龄Age: 27
星座 Star sign: 天蝎座Scorpio
学历 Qualifications: 初级学院毕业，自称曾到外国念书 Junior college graduate, self-stated that he continued his studies overseas
职业Occupation: 股票经纪 Stock broker
人物性格: 打扮入时讲究，无牌不欢，整齐干净。 圆滑，自私，聪明，世故，神秘，为达目的不择手段。
人物发展: Nic 相信命中注定要遇上Isabelle，但是事情真得有那么巧合的吗？
Appearance: Well-dressed, highly brand-conscious, clean-cut appearance
Personality: Smooth, selfish, smart, suave, mysterious, uses underhand means to get what he wants
Special characteristic: A serial liar
Competition experience: Nic believes he is destined to meet Isabelle. They take to each other immediately after he surprises her. Yet, is everything as coincidental as it seems?




　Isabelle (Belle) ( 陈欣淇 饰） Julie Tan as Belle
角色 Name: Isabelle (Belle)
年龄 Age: 25
星座 Star sign: 白羊座Aries
学历 Qualifications: 大学毕业 University graduate
职业Occupation: 保险业务员 Insurance agent
人物性格：打扮妩媚，名牌主义，讲究时尚。物质主义，投机主义，虚荣，嫉妒心重
人物发展：Isabelle遇上Nic, 尽管觉得他口甜舌滑，还是对被他的魅力所倾倒。他们的相遇是真得是一个巧合吗？
Appearance: Attractive dresser, trendy and brand-conscious
Personality: Materialistic, opportunistic, sophisticated, sensitive
Competition experience: Isabelle meets Nic, who surprises her. She may have found him to be a sweet-talker, but is nonetheless smitten. Is their meeting a chanced encounter, or are coincidences planned beforehand?




　Ash　（陈罗密欧 饰） Romeo Tan as Ash
角色Name: Ash
年龄Age: 22
星座 Star sign: 双子座Gemini
学历 Qualifications: 没有完成中学 Did not complete secondary school education
职业Occupation: 模特儿 Model
人物性格:　帅哥，四肢发达，高大威猛，肌肉男。自以为很帅，自信大于能力，头脑简单，爱抢风头
人物发展：为了增加自己的知名度，Ash决定参加比赛。时间一分一秒地过去，但他还未找到女伴出赛，Ash会找到她，一起过关斩将吗？
Appearance: Handsome, tall and well-built, muscular
Personality: Thinks that he is very good-looking. Over-confident, simple-minded and enjoys being in the limelight
Special characteristic: Wants to enter the entertainment industry, bad in Mandarin
Competition experience: Ash joins the game in an attempt to win recognition and increase his popularity. Time is ticking away, but he has yet to find his partner. Will Ash find her on time, and stay in the game?




　Kimmy （洪子惠 饰）Silver Ang as Kimmy
角色Name: Kimmy
年龄Age: 25（自称，实为33）(Claimed to be 25, but in actual fact, she is 33)
星座 Star sign: 天秤座Libra
学历 Qualifications: 自称博学，其他资料不详 Self-stated that she is well-read, other details unavailable
职业Occupation: -
人物性格: 相貌平凡，低调，肉感神经质，敏感。
人物发展: 由于貌不惊人，相貌平凡，一直引不起Ash对她的兴趣，但时间不多了，Kimmy将耍出什么手段以确保在比赛中还能占一席位？
Appearance: Average-looking, keeps a low profile, is sexually appealing
Personality: Nervous, sensitive and has a compassionate side
Special characteristic: The tomboyish Kimmy, paired with the handsome Ash, creates entertainment and enables her to remain the competition.
Competition experience: Tomboyish and plain, Kimmy fails to leave an impression on Ash, although she is right in front of him. Time is almost up. She cannot afford to lose. What will Kimmy do to ensure her spot in the competition?




　Coco (谢韵仪饰) Michelle Chia as Coco
角色 Name: Coco
年龄 Age: 37
星座 Star sign: 处女座Virgo
学历 Qualifications: 大学毕业 University graduate
职业 Occupation: 监制 Executive Producer
人物性格：严肃、爱抱怨、冷酷无情
人物发展：认为自己怀才不遇，常违心作出烂节目，爱抱怨，但是为了满足老板的要求，她却无所不用其极。
Appearance: Strict and fierce
Personality: Thinks that her talent is unrecognized and feels that she is always forced to produce bad programmes against her will. On top of that, she also loves to complain. Despite this, she will still go to extremes to obey her bosses and keep them happy.




　宇森 (王禄江饰）Bryan Wong as Yu Sen
角色Name: 宇森 Yu Sen
年龄Age: 34
星座 Star sign: 水瓶座Aquarius
学历 Qualifications: 初级学院毕业 Junior College graduate
职业Occupation: 过气主持人Has-been Host
人物性格: 不认老，自称帅哥，爱扮可爱，自以为才高八斗。
人物发展: 爱说冷笑话，冷到不行，因为节目，重新获得重视，对节目收视重视非常，许胜不许败。
Appearance: Loves to act and dress young, has a loud and trendy dress sense
Personality: Refuses to admit that he is old, calls himself a handsome guy, loves acting cute and thinks that he is really talented.
Special characteristic: Loves to tell really bad and lame jokes. After hosting the show, he regains his market value once again and thus begin to take the show very seriously, making sure that it does not fail.




　Candice (仲璇 饰) Mika Chung as Candice
角色 Name: Candice
年龄 Age: 25
星座 Star Signed: 白羊座 Aries
学历 Qualification: 理工学院毕业 Poly grad
职业Occupation: 助导 AP Assistant Producer
人物性格：可爱日系美少女，性格单纯，反应慢，常被欺负。
人物发展：身材骄人头脑简单，但是撞板多过吃饭
Appearance: Kawaii-looking girl, always in trendy Japanese and Korean-styled dressing
Personality: Simplistic, blur and easily bullied




PK爱情分集剧情
编辑




第1集

　　The local broadcast station comes up with a new reality game show,Let's Play Love,to find the 'Best Lover' through a number of missions. Four males and four females from different backgrounds join the programme for various reasons. Who will accumulate the most points in this race to be the 'Best Lover'?　　一个本地电视台出品了一个通过各种任务寻找‘最佳情人’的真人秀节目——PK爱情。来自不同家庭背景四位男性与四位女性因为各自不同的理由参加了这个节目。谁将在这个比赛中获得最高积分成为最佳情人呢？　　Ian代替朋友来参加比赛，不相信一见钟情的他却碰上了心目中的天使晓奕，这时晓奕却突然倒向了Ian的怀中。。。


第2集

　　Yu Sen.the host of Let's Play Love, decides to pair Ian with Xiao Yi and ends the show with the couple's adorable first encounter. Executive producer of the programme Coco is furious over Yu Sen's decision, but there is noting she can do.　　节目主持人YuSen决定将Ian与XiaoYi配对，并且以两人有趣的邂逅结束了当集节目。节目监制Coco对YuSen的决定大发雷霆，但是却无能为力。


第3集

　　Nicolas(Nic) meets Isabelle in the middle of a crowd and confesses his love for her with a bouquet of roses. He had bought them after he noticed a tint of rose perfume on her. Isabelle feels that Nicolas's cofession was surprising but sweet. She asks Nicolas what if she isn't a contestant.　　在人群中 Nicolas 遇见Isabelle。在闻到她身上的玫瑰味香水后，他选择购买一束玫瑰来表达自己的爱意。Isabelle感觉很吃惊却甜蜜。她询问Nicolas如果她不是参赛者结果会怎样。


第4集

　　Ash is a popular model with many fans.All brawn and no brains, Ash believes that he can get anyone he wants. The time is ticking, but Ash still could not find his 'other half'.Kimmy is frustrated that Ash could not figure out the hints. Not only is she Ash's 'other half', she is also a paparazzi, working undercover to get scoops on the game show. Before time is up, Kimmy bit the bullet and acknowledged Ash. The two become a couple.　　Ash是一名高人气模特。四肢发达头脑简单的他相信自己可以轻易获得任何人的心只要他愿意。节目开始时间越来越接近，他却还没有找到他的另一半。Kimmy对于Ash无法看懂提示感到十分无力。她不仅仅Ash的‘另一半’,她还是一个狗仔记者，为了获得比赛的第一手信息而卧底参加比赛。在时间结束之前，Kimmy主动与Ash相认。两个人成为了一对。


第5集

　　The eight contestants are finally paired together. Yu Sen criticised Let's Play Love as a silly idea concocted by someone who had not been in love before. An infuriated Coco said that she would not be doing shallow programmes like this if she was not stripped off her status as a news anchor.　　八个参赛者最终都配对了。Yu Sen 认为PK爱情是一个没有经历过爱情的人的愚蠢的注意。被激怒的Coco解释说如果她没有失去她的主播地位她也不会做一个这么肤浅的节目。










PK爱情原声音乐
编辑

黄靖伦 -我们的Show 
专辑:OKMAN
作词：萧闳仁 作曲：萧闳仁
OS：不好意思 碰到你了 我坐过去一点好了
什麽是爱 互相包容 我问我自己
也许只是 冲动而已 两个人的show
你的脸颊有你的头发 贴在我心上
希望世界能停留 感受你的体温
Oh baby~ 我们的show
因为有你才上演
I got a show 真诚地快掉眼泪
一点点 亲吻再多一点
搂着对方不要管现在是几点
我们的show 尽管时间不长久 谁把谁休
我曾了解 能会有多痛 管那麽多
只要让我在你耳边轻轻唱歌
你的脸颊有你的头发 贴在我心上
希望世界能停留 感受你的体温
Oh baby~ 我们的show
因为有你才上演
I got a show 真诚地快掉眼泪
一点点 亲吻再多一点
搂着对方不要管现在是几点
那天跟你一起坐计程车的时候
因为是那离心力的关系
不自觉地你自己靠着我
我感觉到你的发香和你身上的温度
我的手应该怎麽摆？该往那摆？
往上摆往下摆胡乱摆~
我就乱摆~乾脆假装睡死我就乱摆~我就乱摆~
我们的show
因为有你才上演
I got a show 真诚地快掉眼泪
一点点 亲吻再多一点
搂着对方不要管现在是几点
我们的show 尽管时间不长久 谁把谁休
我曾了解 能会有多痛 管那麽多
只要让我在你耳边轻轻唱歌
OS：不好意思 不好意思太挤了 我的手不知道该往哪摆




词条图册
更多图册









参考资料



1.
  
PK爱情官网 




词条标签：


剧情剧

，
搞笑剧

，
爱情剧

，
电视剧作品

，
电视剧

，
娱乐作品





